"The President needs to hold a press conference right after Biden speaks every single time and remind them he’s the right…"
"Dominion Server Crash Delays Recount in Georgia’s Fulton County for THIRD TIME!"
"Whistleblower Reveals FRAUD in Detroit, Affidavit & Interview INSIDE"
"68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent. Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law? Stay tuned!"
"presidential electors cast all 38 votes for Trump & Pence... they also voted to "condemn" SCOTUS tossing out TX election law…"
"Election Status: Trump is in the process of proving he won, and Biden is pretending he did."
"Soon-to-be AG Rosen recently wrote an essay on foreign influence in US elections. “foreign actors are covertly trying to…"
"DOMINION - NEVADA🚨 The error rate scanning ballots in Antrim County, Michigan was 68.05%. Dominion Voting Systems ar…"
"Thank you Kevin. Many Trump votes were routed to Biden. The highly respected Michigan Judge released this epic report. True all over the Country. This Fake Election can no longer stand. Get moving Republicans. Big Swing State Win! 75,000,000 VOTES."
"This is BIG NEWS. Dominion Voting Machines are a disaster all over the Country. Changed the results of a landslide election. Can’t let this happen. Thank you for the genius, bravery, and patriotism of the Judge. Should get a medal! "
"...Deputy Attorney General Jeff Rosen, an outstanding person, will become Acting Attorney General. Highly respected Richard Donoghue will be taking over the duties of Deputy Attorney General. Thank you to all!"
"Just had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House. Our relationship has been a very good one, he has done an outstanding job! As per letter, Bill will be leaving just before Christmas to spend the holidays with his family..."
"Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete…"
".....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine “glitches” (another word for FRAUD), ballot harvesting, non-reside…"
"Vaccine Administered. Congratulations USA! Congratulations WORLD!"
"“Why did the Swing States stop counting in the middle of the night?” Because they waited to find out how many ballots they had to produce in order to steal the Rigged Election. They were so far behind that they needed time, & a fake “water main break”, to recover!"
"What a fool Governor of Georgia is. Could have been so easy, but now we have to do it the hard way. Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification, NOW. Otherwise, could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th."
"Democrats weakened the Signature Verification (and other) safeguards in Georgia. Secretary of State, for fools. Consent Decree, which is terrible for Republicans (and honest people!), must be opened up NOW - David, Kelly, and I will then win!"
"Oh no! What is going on? This is not good news, even for “Indians”. Cancel culture at work!"
"People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program, unless specifically necessary. I have asked that this adjustment be made. I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time. Thank you!"
"Vaccines are shipped and on their way, FIVE YEARS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. Get well USA. Get well WORLD. We love you all!"
"....place in Detroit, Philadelphia, Milwaukee, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and elsewhere. In all Swing State cases, there are far more votes than are necessary to win the State, and the Election itself. Therefore, VOTES CANNOT BE CERTIFIED. THIS ELECTION IS UNDER PROTEST!"
".....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine “glitches” (another word for FRAUD), ballot harvesting, non-resident voters, fake ballots, “stuffing the ballot box”, votes for pay, roughed up Republican Poll Watchers, and sometimes even more votes than people voting, took...."
"Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete & correct without committing a severely punishable crime. Everybody knows that dead people, below age people, illegal immigrants, fake signatures, prisoners,...."
"...They just “chickened out” and didn’t want to rule on the merits of the case. So bad for our Country!"
"The fact that the Supreme Court wouldn’t find standing in an original jurisdiction matter between multiple states, and including the President of the States, is absurd. It is enumerated in the Constitution..."
"...Tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent, with some people getting two, three, or four ballots. We will never give up!"
"The RINOS that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the Democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election, which we won overwhelmingly. How dare they allow this massive and ridiculous Mail-In Voting to occur..."
"THE BIGGEST WINNER OF OUR NEW DEFENSE BILL IS CHINA!. I WILL VETO!"
"MOST CORRUPT ELECTION IN U.S. HISTORY!"
"How do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout? A Swing State hustle!"
"The drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my Favored Nation’s Executive Order”. They don’t want the U.S. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. Big reductions coming. No other politician would do this!!!"
"President @realDonaldTrump flies over Freedom Plaza in Marine One, before heading north to West Point for the #ArmyNavyGame…"
"Today’s Left can’t cancel everything. Merry Christmas!"
"The Supreme Court had ZERO interest in the merits of the greatest voter fraud ever perpetrated on the United States of America. All they were interested in is “standing”, which makes it very difficult for the President to present a case on the merits. 75,000,000 votes!"
"Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington (D.C.) for Stop the Steal. Didn’t know about this, but I’ll be seeing them! #MAGA"
"Why didn’t Bill Barr reveal the truth to the public, before the Election, about Hunter Biden. Joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong, or going on - Press confirmed. Big disadvantage for Republicans at the polls!"
"WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT!!!"
"IF Biden gets in, nothing will happen to Hunter or Joe. Barr will do nothing, and the new group of partisan killers coming in will quickly kill it all. Same thing with Durham. We caught them cold, spying, treason & more (the hard part), but “Justice” took too long. Will be DOA!"